README.md, before:

## css-snippet-cheatsheet
Ever have trouble recalling the exact syntax for your favourite CSS code? Give it a permanent home and add it to this page! Select any snippet below and it'll automatically select all of the code for you to copy.

## Instructions

The completed application should meet the following criteria:

As a user, I can view a collection of labeled CSS snippets in a responsive grid.

As a user, I can easily identify these CSS snippets by their headings.

As a user, I can highlight a code snippet by clicking on it.

As a user, I can view my application on a mobile device as well as a desktop.

### Specifications

Must use semantic HTML elements and proper indentation.

Use CSS variables to maintain clean and reusable values for a color scheme.

Use flexbox and media queries to create a responsive grid layout.

Each CSS snippet should have a card-like layout with the CSS syntax wrapped in an HTML pre element.

Each CSS snippet can easily be highlighted for copying on click using the CSS user-select property.

Must incorporate a background color using a CSS linear-gradient function.

Must incorporate a bit of animation using the CSS transition property.


* At size 992px and above, the app should resemble the following image:

![On a desktop, the application displays three CSS code snippets per row.](./assets/Images/01-app-desktop.png)

* At size 768px and above, the app should resemble the following image:

![On a tablet, the application displays two CSS code snippets per row.](./assets/Images/02-app-tablet.png)

* On mobile devices, anything under 768px, the app should resemble the      following image:

![On a mobile device, the application displays one CSS code snippet per row.](./assets/Images/03-app-mobile.png)


## 💡 Hints

* The HTML `<pre>` element is very literal about spaces and indentation. To gain a better understanding of how to work with it, check out this article on [considerations for styling the pre tag](https://css-tricks.com/considerations-styling-pre-tag/).

## 🏆 Bonus

* Set this project up in your own GitHub repositories so that you can deploy and use it for future reference!

---
© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Added live deployment url to README file.

README.md, after:

 See the live deployment of my webpage at this link: https://jackspence6.github.io/css-snippet-cheatsheet/

## css-snippet-cheatsheet
Ever have trouble recalling the exact syntax for your favourite CSS code? Give it a permanent home and add it to this page! Select any snippet below and it'll automatically select all of the code for you to copy.

## Instructions

The completed application should meet the following criteria:

As a user, I can view a collection of labeled CSS snippets in a responsive grid.

As a user, I can easily identify these CSS snippets by their headings.

As a user, I can highlight a code snippet by clicking on it.

As a user, I can view my application on a mobile device as well as a desktop.

### Specifications

Must use semantic HTML elements and proper indentation.

Use CSS variables to maintain clean and reusable values for a color scheme.

Use flexbox and media queries to create a responsive grid layout.

Each CSS snippet should have a card-like layout with the CSS syntax wrapped in an HTML pre element.

Each CSS snippet can easily be highlighted for copying on click using the CSS user-select property.

Must incorporate a background color using a CSS linear-gradient function.

Must incorporate a bit of animation using the CSS transition property.


* At size 992px and above, the app should resemble the following image:

![On a desktop, the application displays three CSS code snippets per row.](./assets/Images/01-app-desktop.png)

* At size 768px and above, the app should resemble the following image:

![On a tablet, the application displays two CSS code snippets per row.](./assets/Images/02-app-tablet.png)

* On mobile devices, anything under 768px, the app should resemble the      following image:

![On a mobile device, the application displays one CSS code snippet per row.](./assets/Images/03-app-mobile.png)


## 💡 Hints

* The HTML `<pre>` element is very literal about spaces and indentation. To gain a better understanding of how to work with it, check out this article on [considerations for styling the pre tag](https://css-tricks.com/considerations-styling-pre-tag/).

## 🏆 Bonus

* Set this project up in your own GitHub repositories so that you can deploy and use it for future reference!

---
© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
